feat: send logs in opentelemetry format (#663)
canonical/pebble: docs/reference/layer-specification.md

    #
    # - loki: Use the Grafana Loki protocol. A "pebble_service" label is
    #   added automatically, with the name of the Pebble service as its value.
    # - opentelemetry: Use the OpenTelemetry protocol (OTLP). A "service.name"
    # label is added automatically, with the name of the Pebble service as its
    # value.
    type: loki

    # (Required) The URL of the remote log target.
    # For Loki, this needs to be the fully-qualified URL of the push API,
    # including the API endpoint, e.g.
    #     http://<ip-address>:3100/loki/api/v1/push

>     # For OpenTelemetry, this needs to use the HTTP port (the default value is

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
    # For OpenTelemetry, this needs to include the TCP port (normally
```

>     # 4318) without the API endpoint, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # 4318) without the API endpoint, for example:
```
